Help! Stop yelling
Stop shouting
Ouch Geng Cheng
Why are you hitting me?
Geng Cheng, you came just in time
You have to prove it to me.
And you know what?
It was this woman who made the first move
And I didn't fight back
Why did you bring the car here?
Why don't you follow the navigation when you say chauffeur?
Who are you? I want to go home
This girl is too drunk to recognize home
I obviously followed the navigation.
I don't know why I came here in a daze.
I don't want the ghost hitting the wall order.
You help bro
I'm done driving. Can you take him home?
That girl, he is also the driver
Let him take you back
Hey don't go
I want to complain to you.
Miss
I am also a driver
Let's take you home.
Who's the miss?
My name is Bai Jie